---
layout: page
section: how
categories: Admin
tags:
title: Documents & Records Reference
---

There are a lot of documents that we use in the course of our work. To help you locate these we're produced a list of all the common documents referred to throughout our policies and processes in WunderWay.

##Documents Reference

Statement of Work and Framework Agreement templates
https://drive.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/?tab=mo#folders/0Bxb4YZjQwNDgODZnOGZhLTh1Q3c

Product Backlog template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdGxIYjk1b1kxY1RCNHRzdmc2Y1kzZGc

Sprint estimation analysis template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdFd0Z2J1QXF1aEl6MmxPenpFY1JibkE#gid=0

Sprint backlog template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdEM1Zkt5X0Q5a3ZpVEw0NXNGT1Z1Unc#gid=0

Quality control checklist (non-conformities)
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdFdiMk9OYUNZQU5sNmpxX19hTzR5aFE#gid=0

Project initialisation template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/1m12OY3g2BiRTUywE4Fc0g3-TEZ27oqBEjgsTG3OqBB8/edit#heading=h.rlfw6ffh2hy8

Dependency log template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdC1Xb0txeVpUcXc0ejJOQUVrOG8wVmc

Risk log template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdHp3Zm5LZWNnSlh2cWdXNEF5M1BaOVE

Issue log template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdHp3Zm5LZWNnSlh2cWdXNEF5M1BaOVE

Meeting notes template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/1FOe5HZGhxHyWejXMp6whcpjLwgW1zseiVfKuJkDI9QI/edit

Project team template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/1FOe5HZGhxHyWejXMp6whcpjLwgW1zseiVfKuJkDI9QI/edit

End of project assessment template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/1nNtIWdDRryu6WWlzgzV6o8TP4HP7JHtObTb0mUX0N08/edit

Project sign-off template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/1d6ZO76ldnFZ_MpXFpQDioiaovqPdZ3PJvmcr3zzhtS0/edit

Sprint retrospective template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/11CTHJwRlwqjoXpri7OLus0RMDKaw4n5dcHtU_ZN8HBE/edit

Sprint review template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/167EKxkkrc0oQeOaz-V2qJ9jOpCEAxCzr4ibatu5nCbU/edit

Project evaluation template
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/167EKxkkrc0oQeOaz-V2qJ9jOpCEAxCzr4ibatu5nCbU/edit


##Records Reference

Skills Matrix
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/1e0DkwEJ-I8-kdxqap93MZ5scxNL-24kkcScBqTqeEso/edit

Staff Records (folder)
https://drive.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/?tab=mo#folders/0B-A_EwgjWNAUQzgxRnR5bnlhdlk

Customer Complaints (generic)
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdElCZ2RRYmJxSHp4Qm9wbzc3cGdpNHc#gid=0

QMS Change Request Backlog
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdFVUUkhmZFJrWjU4SkVYaTR2dUx2MGc

Cost of Tender
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdGlNeVc4djhRVUd0d0lTYjBSTDJJS3c

Cost of Project
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdGlNeVc4djhRVUd0d0lTYjBSTDJJS3c#gid=3

Staff Training & Conference Log
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdHBoMWx2ZFZtTXI3T1ZlZUV3ZEdZUkE#gid=0

Holiday & Sickness
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ahb4YZjQwNDgdDVsd2dhdnBDbV96dDRkYVNFYUNac1E#gid=1

Phone Setup & Configuration
https://docs.google.com/a/wunderkraut.com/document/d/1XKZ6QtSYfbvJDMyiTwYsIeXPx3IxzZysu16lXwdtgXs/edit

